Yes, you can use this in your selector object, but keep in mind that when you define `noOfAns` as:

```js
noOfAns: document.querySelector('input[name="noOfAnswers"]:checked').value,
```

the value is captured at the time the object is created. This means it will store the initially checked value (in this case, `4` if no radio button is changed), and it won't automatically update if the user selects a different radio button later.

To handle dynamic changes based on user interaction, you should retrieve the selected value when you need it, rather than capturing it at the time the object is created. You can do this by turning `noOfAns` into a getter method in your `selectors` object:

```js
noOfAns: () => document.querySelector('input[name="noOfAnswers"]:checked').value,
```

Then, when you need the selected number of answers, you can call `selectors.noOfAns()` to get the most up-to-date value.

For example:

```js
const selectors = {
  noOfAns: () => document.querySelector('input[name="noOfAnswers"]:checked').value,
};

// Later in the code
let selectedAnswers = selectors.noOfAns(); // This will give you the current value of the checked radio button
``` 

This approach ensures that the value is always the current one based on user interaction.

Yes, you can use the `get` keyword to create a getter property in your selector object! The `get` keyword allows you to define a property that will run a function when accessed, meaning it will always return the current value without needing to explicitly call it like a function.

Here's how you can implement it using the `get` keyword:

```js
const selectors = {
  get noOfAns() {
    return document.querySelector('input[name="noOfAnswers"]:checked').value;
  }
};

// Later in the code
let selectedAnswers = selectors.noOfAns; // No need for parentheses, since it's now a getter
```

With this approach, you can access `selectors.noOfAns` just like a regular property, but under the hood, it runs the function to get the most up-to-date value of the selected radio button. This makes the syntax cleaner while ensuring you always get the latest value.